the second is to look things in the face
think of what a privilege it is to be
he suffers more than necessary who
be like the cliff against which the
but it stands firm and tames the fury of
nature hath given men one tongue but two
that we may hear from others twice as
people are frugal in guarding their
personal property but as soon as it
comes to squandering time they are most
in which it is right to be stingy
begin it wants to live and count each
separate day as a separate life
if you really want to escape the things
what you're needing is not to be in a
until we have begun to go without them
we fail to realize how unnecessary many
we've been using them not because we
if a man knows not which port he sails
we all love ourselves more than other
but care more about their opinion than
is a rule to remember in future
when anything tempts you to feel bitter
this is misfortune but to bear this
man conquers the world by conquering
waste no more time arguing what a good
the things you think about determine the
but how you react to it that matters
everything we hear is an opinion not a
everything we see is a perspective
luck is what happens when preparation
it is not the man who has too little
but the man who craves more that is poor
knowing yourself is the beginning of all
the more we value things outside our
change a person's worth is measured by
be content to be thought foolish and
is frequently more hurtful to us than
and the injury itself disappears
what we do now echoes in eternity
the one who puts the finishing touches
it's time you realize that you have
something in you more powerful and
than the things that affect you
and make you dance like a puppet
wealth consists not in having great
be silent for the most part or
say only what is necessary in a few
all cruelty springs from weakness
it is a rough road that leads to the
as though it were the very last act of
whatever can happen at any time
because a thing seems difficult for you
do not think it impossible for anyone to
freedom is secured not by the fulfilling
circumstances don't make the man
they only reveal him to himself
it is not death that a man should fear
but he should fear never beginning to
the key is to keep company only with
humans have come into being for the sake
it can ruin your life only if it ruins
the happiness of your life depends upon
mastery of reading and writing requires
life is very short and anxious for those
who forget the past neglect the present
use them to throw open the windows of
is to be unlike him who performed the
sometimes even to live is an act of
it's not that we have little time
but more that we waste a good deal of it
whatever happens at all happens as it
our life is what our thoughts make it
how much more grievous are the
will never do anything worthy of a man
everything else is either past or is
progress is not achieved by luck or
but by working on yourself daily
in banquets remember that you entertain
and whatever you shall have given to the
eject but what you shall have given to
no person has the power to have
it is in their power not to want what
and to cheerfully put to good use
if what you have seems insufficient to
then though you possess the world
difficulties strengthen the mind
not how long it is but how good it is is
life if well lived is long enough
the best answer to anger is silence
as it did on eating and drinking
nowhere can man find a quieter or more
was either stronger or weaker than thee
the impediment to action advances action
what stands in the way becomes the way
to wish to be well is a part of becoming
no great thing is created suddenly
any more than a bunch of grapes or fig
if you tell me that you desire a fig i
we suffer more often in imagination than
the next inquiry being how he may best
live the time that he has to live
the whole future lies in uncertainty
every new beginning comes from some
but life is very short and anxious for
we suffer not from the events in our
but from our judgment about them
it is our attitude toward events not
events themselves which we can control
nothing is by its own nature calamitous
even death is terrible only if we fear
attach yourself to what is spiritually
superior regardless of what other people
hold to your true aspirations no matter
confine yourself to the present
no man is free who is not a master of
very little is needed to make a happy
it is all within yourself in your way of
if you live in harmony with nature
if you live according to what others
learn to be indifferent to what makes no
the greatest blessings of mankind are
within us and within our reach
a wise man is content with his lot
without wishing for what he has not
man is not worried by real problems
so much as by his imagined anxieties
small-minded people blame others
average people blame themselves
the wise see all blame as foolishness
respect the past be open to the future
the life we receive is not short but we
we are not ill provided but use what we
regardless of what life throws at you